In this lesson are going to AJAXify or implementing
Ajax on delete answer button.
So it doesn't need to refresh the page to see the changes.
All right let's switch over to our terminal and
then create new branch to isolate our work today.
Don't forget to run webpack by saying: npm run
watch
OK
firstly let's open _answer.blade.php
and then find the delete button
OK
Here it is.
Because we are going to send the delete request through Ajax
so here we can move this delete button outside the form.
And now we can remove the form
here
let's cut the confirm
and remove the on click atttribute.
And let's also remove the type attribute.
When we click this button we'll call destroy method.
Now we can open Answer.vue file
and inside this methods property let's define the destroy method.
Inside here let's confirm the deletion by
paste the confirm to this if statement.
And here let's remove the return statement.
And inside this if statement we can call axios
and delete method and URI  will be the same with update method.
So here it will be this endpoint and we will define it shortly.
And then when the deletion success we also need toremove
the answer from the DOM and show a message that
sent back from our server.
And here's the temporary solution that do
the trick is by using jQuery fade out method.
Specify duration to determine how long the animation will run.
And we can also specify callback or what
to do once the animation is complete
for now let's show a message in alert.
Now let me cut the URI from this update method.
And replace it with this endpoint
now inside the computed property
let's create the endpoint method
and here we simply return the URI.
Last Let's open answers controller
then go to destroy method.
And here we can say if request
expects json
then we return json response
and it contains a message
and I'll copy the message from here.
All right let's save all changes.
Reload the page.
Hit the delete button and hit OK.
The deleted answer fade out and we have alert pop up.
Let's reload the page to see if the answer is completely removed
OK great
we have successfully implemented ajax on
delete button
Now it doesn't need to load the page after
any answer removed to see the change.
However this is not vue js way and this only temporary
solution in upcoming lesson we'll come back
here and we'll see the better way doing this stuff
using vue js  reactive system. OK in the next lesson we
are going to beautify the alert message as well as confirm
message so that it will make one application more interesting and look more professional.